# BIN
BIN is Buildin's token
WHAT IS BUILDIN ?

Buildin offers people living spaces. LIFE fields have wider and more definitions if they have all kinds of closed writings. Life contains nature within it. Since the first day, humanity has always had a need for shelter. The continuity of development has given us today’s living spaces. Living spaces, whose production continues all the time, such as apartments, residences, villas, detached houses, wooden houses, and kiosks, are developing and increasing as a model day by day. Border and space are the most important terms of these areas. It is the limit. The border is glass. The border is the color difference in the floor covering. The limit is emotion. All death makes up the brain. We have happy and safe people in solid volumes, there are also people outside of their own living space between the sea and sand. The questioning process of humanity has been going on for years, the desire to reach prosperity and the best leads to creative ideas and productions. 
At this point, we present a pioneering perspective on identifying all the needs of human beings and producing desired happy living spaces. We work with our entire team to think of projects like everyone else, reduce them to individuality, offer detailed problem and solution production and produce the best structures.
In recent years, the definition of return to nature, the most natural state of the material, minimalist design and sustainability concepts have been discussed and preferred. We have seen that natural disasters and epidemics change the needs of the residential area. The need for detached living spaces has increased due to the damages suffered by the earthquake for the high-rise buildings, which are produced with lower quality than they should be. In addition, we have understood that epidemic diseases (Covid) cause major problems that cannot be easily prevented in crowded cities, health is more important than anything, after all the economic problems and human losses experienced. This has led to the fact that strong, high-quality, sustainable buildings and detached structures must be produced.

We have been active in building production for many years. We are aware that strength arises from unity for more and for the better. We want to gain momentum with project productions and quality income models and to carry our brand value to the extreme points around the world.
Building Token will be a vehicle for serving humanity and a reliable port for earning.

PROJECTS

In recent times when we have entered irreversible paths such as environmental pollution, consumption of natural resources, global warming and thirst, which are the growing problems of the developing world; the building sector brought up the construction of environmentally friendly buildings. The interest of environmentally conscious people in this issue has led to the emergence of structures called “green buildings”. Green buildings that are respectful to nature, ecological, reducing energy consumption and at the same time providing the comfort desired from a classic building have gained a solid place in the construction sector all over the world. While determining the standards for green buildings; Topics such as the selection of the land where the building will be located, its design, innovation, the characteristics of the building materials to be used in the structure of the building, the construction technique of the structure, what to do to reuse the waste materials generated are dealt with sensitively.
	
Benefits of Green Building;

	
- It adds value to city life.
- Increases the quality of buildings.
- It minimizes the damage of buildings to their natural environment.
- It creates an environment for the use and development of sustainable technologies.
- It provides the utilization of wastes generated by excavation.
- It provides the evaluation of the wastes from the excavation. 
- It purifies the rain water with a special technique applied on the roofs.
- It alleviates the burden of the canal system thanks to the use of rain water.
- Solar energy is used in the most efficient way possible.
- Energy saving is provided by preparing the most suitable designs for natural light and ventilation.
- The greenhouse effect is reduced thanks to the use of surfaces that do not reflect sunlight.
- Oxygen is produced because the surfaces of the building are as green as possible
- Insulation systems reduce heating and cooling costs and carbon dioxide emissions.
Urban Land Institute stated the construction of Green Building in 10 stages.
In the first step, an arrangement taking into account the south and north facades of the land where the building will be located ensures maximum efficiency from sunlight. In this way, a gain is created for the layout of the building.
In the second step, solar panels are placed on the windows on the south façades of the buildings to control the entrance of the sunlight into the building. In this way, more than necessary heat gains are prevented and electric energy can be produced.
In the third step, the glass and glass coatings (low-e glasses) selected according to the sunlight exposed by the building are used for heat insulation and heat control. Thanks to this application, an improvement of 5% is observed.
In the fourth step, natural ventilation is made by controlling the fresh air to be taken into the building; The load of the heating-cooling systems is reduced and energy is saved. In this way, a 20% gain is achieved.
In the fifth step, while designing the floor plans, the use of sunlight is maximized and open space layouts are made according to these criteria.
In the sixth step, attention is paid to choosing the materials to be used from natural, environmentally friendly, recyclable and sustainable ones.
In the seventh step, the land on which the building will be located is planned to be easily accessible, minimizing the motor vehicles among the vehicles to be used in transportation. Since it is important to increase health and efficiency, the amount of carbon dioxide to be emitted to the nature is reduced.
In the eighth step, by placing solar cells in suitable points of the building; sunlight is taken at the maximum level. The structures are made to convert this light to energy and their consumption is converted into production. The location of solar cells is roof, facade or car park areas and it is desired to create shade areas at these points.
In the ninth step, the focus is on the recycling of waste generated by buildings. Sustainable materials are used. Materials that are not in danger of extinction, easy to access and obtained from the close environment are preferred. Care is taken that all construction materials to be used for the building do not affect human health.
In the tenth step, systems that enable the lighting to be used only when necessary are developed and disabled when not required. These systems provide 10% improvement.
The plots we will buy at the points we have determined, the structures to be applied on it, the costs and profits will be shared with the investor candidates through the system. The living spaces that will be shared and produced in the system are as follows: Residential + Commercial areas
-Apartment 					(Green Building)
-Residence 					(Green Building)
-Villa 						(Green Building)
-Small Minimalist Houses			(Fully Sustainable Living)

The small house movement is the social movement that started to develop in western countries especially during the 2008–2012 Global Economic Crisis, to develop ideas, architectural solutions, products, and solidarity groups to live in smaller houses with less cost and less damage to the environment. Due to natural disasters and epidemics, it is preferred even more. People prefer these houses to live in their environment-friendly and healthier areas. We will create opportunities for all humanity to purchase and use these small houses, which they prefer for seasonal rental or full-time living.

Why was the Building Token (BIN) generated?

The BIN token runs on the Ethereum network. Your investments made with Smart Contracts will be supported. It is not easy to invest in different countries around the world and make a profit from this investment, and time is one of the most important factors in this regard. In addition, the difficulty of making the investment in cash or banking makes the job quite troublesome in the procedure.
Besides, the most important thing is reliability. BIN token will be a fast and reliable tool for the payment method as well as a fast and reliable tool for the investor in dividend distribution. The Roadmap will be explained in more detail, but in the future, there will be great advantages to owning BIN tokens. For example; The advantage of using affordable rooms in Tiny houses and renting the houses produced will be more convenient with BIN tokens at a certain percentage.
What are the revenue models for building Token (BUILDING) value increase?

BUILDING PRODUCTION AND AFTER SALES PROFIT

At the stage of converting high-profit investment lands into income, BUILDIN will complete the survey and project design of the land, after foreseeing all the cost and profitable conditions and deciding. After presenting the project to the system in the presence of investors. We will share with you all the information of the project (Zoning Status, compliance with the Regulation, unit cost values at that time, location and information of the properties currently on sale).
The funding phase will take place within a certain period of time. A minimum of 10 and a maximum of 50 investors will be recruited, depending on the size of the project. When the project receives enough investment, the roadmap will be shared with you. It will share every stage of the construction process with investors through our communication channels. Thinking that you want to monitor the construction process, an IP camera will be placed on the site 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. This will both increase our reliability and allow you to follow the construction site.
After the building is produced, the produced structure will be sold. The remaining profit after the cost will be shared with the investors in proportion to the amount invested. You can see below with diagrams an example where all investors invest a common amount.
In this example, the ETH price is shown as $ 555. This will vary. As a result, your profit rate and investment amount will not be damaged at all in this system.

LEASING MINIMALIST BUILDINGS (TINY HOUSE)

These projects are the starting point of sustainable life integrated with nature and the structures that activate it. Sun and rain are their most important sustainable heroes.

We want to create collective tiny houses as living spaces. These small minimalist buildings, which also have social areas, can be rented seasonally or annually; They consist of a kitchen, bedroom, bathroom-WC and sitting group. It will offer the opportunity to live together with nature where Sea, Sand and Green meet. Today, when natural disasters and epidemics are on the rise, these structures will be lifesavers to help.

BUILDIN wants to make the complex projects of Tiny houses part of a growing system, expanding into counties, provinces and countries, according to the predetermined roadmap. So what are the duties and gains of investors in this system?

Investors will be partners in the total amount of funds they have invested in the establishment phase of these campuses. All maintenance costs, personnel and similar expenses of their partner campuses will be covered by BUILDIN. Investors, on the other hand, will get a share of all the income in the campus leased daily, monthly, seasonally or annually. It will expand as it grows, and in the future, we will have BUILDIN Tiny House’s branded initiatives all over the world. After the expansion process, each BIN token user will be able to enter these houses with a special card issued by BUILDIN. With BIN tokens, they will provide accommodation at 10% more affordable price than other visitors. On returning to natural life, you will create opportunities for both investment and opening a new income.
